LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
Jaden: WHOA, TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS PLACE, GUYS.
JESSE'S IN THIS WORLD.
SO LET'S GO FIND
OUR FRIEND!
I DUEL YOU AND SEND YOU
TO THE STARS.
NOT TO THERE!
HEY, UGLY!
PICK ON SOMEONE
YOUR OWN SIZE.
NEOS--ATTACK!
ARGH!
THEY WILL COME
LOOKING FOR US.
UH...WHO WILL?
Freed:
THE DARK WORLD ARMY!
FIND WHOEVER DESTROYED SCARR
AT ONCE!
Kyle: FATHER!
YOU'RE BACK!
EVERYONE'S BEING HELD IN A CAMP.
YOU MUST SAVE THEM.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU SAY,
FREED?
YOU WANNA GO AND RAID
THAT PRISON CAMP?
'CAUSE I KNOW I DO.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
THE DARK ARMY...
THEY DID THIS.
THEY SENT MY FATHER
TO THE STARS
AND THEY'RE HOLDING OUR PEOPLE
PRISONER.
SO WHATTA WE DO?
WE DO NOTHING.
NOTHING?!
BUT THEY MIGHT HAVE
MY FRIEND JESSE!
WE GOTTA TRY
AND RESCUE HIM
AND THE OTHERS!
PLEASE LISTEN
TO JADEN!
WHAT HE SAYS MAKES SENSE!
LET'S TAKE A STAND!
THE LIGHT OF THE COMET
BURNS TOO BRIGHTLY.
WE MUST LAY LOW.
LAY LOW? BUT MY
BEST FRIEND NEEDS ME!
I'M OUTTA HERE.
I GOT BUSINESS
TO TAKE CARE OF.
HRMPH. FOOL.
HEY!
JUS' LISTEN
TO US, JADEN!
WE WANNA FIND JESSE
AS BADLY AS YOU DO!
BUT WE NEED A PLAN!
YOU CAN'T JUST
RUSH IN!
FREED HAS KEPT THESE PEOPLE
SAFE...
AND IF HE THINKS
WE SHOULD LAY LOW
FOR THE TIME BEING...
THEN WE SHOULD.
"DARK ARMY," JADEN.
THEY DON'T SOUND
LIKE FUN.
AND WITH THAT COMET
BURNING OUT THERE,
THEY MIGHT
SEE YOU COMING.
HE'S RIGHT!
STAY WITH US!
GUESS I WILL.
UH!
Axel: SO...WHAT'S
OUR NEXT MOVE?
ONCE THE COMET PASSES,
WE'LL RETREAT TO
THE MOUNTAINS
AND DEVELOP
A NEW STRATEGY.
SOUNDS GOOD!
JADEN!
HE'S MISSING!
WE LEFT HIM ALONE
FOR TWO SECONDS.
COME AGAIN?!
HUH.
I KNOW I SAID I'D STAY,
BUT JESSE NEEDS MY HELP.
I CAN'T RISK ANYTHING
HAPPENING TO HIM...
EVEN IF IT MEANS
ME BEING CAUGHT!
SO THE DORK
WENT ON HIS OWN.
SURE LOOKS
THAT WAY.
AW, MAN...
HE'S ALL BY HIMSELF.
WE GOTTA HELP HIM!
WONDERFUL IDEA, WE'LL FIND
THE DARK ARMY PRISON...
BEAT ALL THE MONSTERS
AND SAVE THE DAY!
I NEVER SAID THAT IT'D
BE A PIECE OF CAKE!
COME ON!
I MEAN HOW MANY TIMES
HAS JADEN SAVED US?
WE HAVE TO GO OUT THERE
AND HELP HIM.
ALEXIS?!
WELL, YOU CAN
COUNT ME IN!
YEAH, ME, TOO!
ALL YOU REALLY NEED
IS THE CHAZZ!
I GUESS I'LL JUST GO ALONG
TO SAVE YOU GUYS. HEH!
AND YOU, ARE YOU TWO COMIN'
ALONG TO HELP SAVE THE DAY?
HUH?
YOU'RE WELCOME
TO JOIN US.
YOU'RE A
GREAT WARRIOR.
AND WE CAN REALLY USE
ALL THE DECKS
WE CAN GET!
Hassleberry:
SEE YA' ROUND, FREED!
Jim:
OI, AXEL!
I WANNA HELP JADEN AS
MUCH AS THE NEXT BLOKE,
BUT...DARK ARMY?
SECRET PRISONS?!
AND SOME BODGER
NAMED ZURE?!
HUH.
AND ON SECOND THOUGHT,
IT SOUNDS LIKE FUN!
WELL, THEN,
GUESS IT'S SETTLED.
FREED--
Freed:
SAVE YOUR BREATH.
WE ALL MUST DO
THAT WHICH IS RIGHT.
HUH.
HUH?
MY PEOPLE...
THE TIME HAS ARRIVED.
WE MUST LEAVE.
HUH? WAIT A SECOND.
YOU'RE NOT HELPING?
WE NEED YOU!
WHAT'S THIS
ALL ABOUT?
YOU COWARD!
JADEN HAS GONE TO AWAKEN
THE DARK ARMY.
WE'RE NO LONGER SAFE HERE.
WE MUST LEAVE NOW!
I KNOW THE DARK ARMY'S
GOT YOU IN THERE, JESSE,
AND I'M GONNA GET YOU OUT!
HUH? HMM.
NO GUARD.
HUH. NONE THERE EITHER...
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
THE FRONT GATE'S UNLOCKED.
THIS IS WEIRD.
THE PLACE LOOKS EMPTY.
THERE'S NOT A FIEND IN SIGHT.
WHAT IS THIS,
A SHIFT CHANGE?!
LET'S JUST SEE HOW DESERTED
THIS PLACE REALLY IS.
EMPTY.
NOTHIN'.
AH! JESSE!
I KNEW I'D FIND YOU!
JESSE! NO.
THAT'S NOT HIM.
LISTEN, I'M GONNA GET YOU
OUTTA HERE LIKE NOW.
THANK YOU.
I'VE BEEN HERE
FOR SO LONG.
WHERE IS EVERYONE ELSE?
FAR AWAY FROM HERE.
IT'S CALLED
THE FORTRESS OF--
[COUGHS]
I WAS LEFT...
'CAUSE I'M NOT A WARRIOR--
I WASN'T WORTHY.
WELL,
I GOT YA NOW...
SO DON'T YOU WORRY.
WE'LL GET YOU--
AH!
[LAUGHING]
HMM, IT WAS A TRAP.
Zure: AND YOU WALKED
RIGHT INTO IT.
THANKS TO THE LIGHT
OF THE COMET
OUR SCOUTS SAW YOU
AND WERE ABLE TO
INFORM ME
OF YOUR IMPENDING
ARRIVAL.
KEEP ME AND
LET HIM GO.
I SHALL DECIDE
WHO GOES.
OH, YEAH?
N' WHO ARE YOU?
I AM ZURE,
COMMANDER OF THE
ALL POWERFUL DARK ARMY.
AND HE CAN GO.
AH!
ARGH!
TO THE STARS.
AH!
[WHIMPERING]
[SCREAMING]
HA HA!
AND YOU'RE NEXT.
HMMM...
HMM, THIS BOY IS UNLIKE
OTHER HUMANS.
I HAVE ONLY WITNESSED ENERGY
LIKE THIS ONCE BEFORE
IN HIS PRESENCE.
COULD IT BE
THAT THIS BOY
IS SIMILAR TO...
NONSENSE.
WELL, DO YOU KNOW
THE RULES?
OH, YEAH.
THEN YOU WILL JOIN
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND.
GIVE US ROOM TO DUEL!
ARGH!
ALL RIGHT, ZURE,
GET YOUR GAME ON!
LET'S DUEL!
IT'S MY MOVE,
AND I PLAY
GENE-WARPED WARWOLF
IN ATTACK MODE!
YOUR TURN, BOY.
HMPH, THAT WOLF'S GOT
A LOT OF BITE TO IT!
OKAY, ZURE, WATCH THIS!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
FAKE HERO SO I CAN
SUMMON THIS GUY...
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
BUT BECAUSE HE WAS
SUMMONED USING
FAKE HERO,
HE CAN'T ATTACK.
AND THEN ONCE
IT'S MY END PHASE--
HA HA! HE GOES BACK
TO YOUR HAND, RIGHT?
WHAT A WASTE OF A DRAW.
YOU'RE PATHETIC!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
NOW I PLAY...MY GLOW MOSS!
A NEO SPACIAN?!
BUT THOSE...
CAN BE FUSED WITH THIS!
CONTACT FUSION!
NOW I CAN SUMMON OUT
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
GLOW NEOS!
[ROAR]
AND NEXT UP,
I PLAY THE FIELD
SPELL NEO SPACE!
THANKS TO ITS EFFECT,
MY GLOW NEOS GETS 500
MORE ATTACK POINTS!
IT'S TOO POWERFUL.
UH-HUH!
YOUR LIL WARWOLF'S
GETTING SENT
TO THE POUND!
GO, LIGHTNING STRIKE!
[ROARING]
SHOCKING, ISN'T IT!
JADEN!
YOU THINK HE MIGHT
NEED SOME SAVIN'?
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
NO, BUT WE MIGHT!
THIS WAY!
YOU'LL BE SAFE!
FOR NOW, YOU WILL.
IF WE AIM TO HELP JADEN,
WE SHOULD HEAD OUT.
HUH.
THANKS FOR NOTHING,
FREED!
HMM.
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I'M PLAYING
THE FIELD SPELL POWER ZONE!
[GROANS]
AH! WHY'D MY NEOS
GET WEAKER?
HA HA!
WITH POWER ZONE
IN PLAY,
NEOS LOSES
HIS ATTACK POINT BONUS.
THEN ANYTIME
YOUR MONSTER IS DESTROYED,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE
TO THAT MONSTER'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW...
BY PLAYING POWER ANNIHILATOR,
YOU'LL GET TO WITNESS
THIS FIRSTHAND!
IF YOU PLEASE,
POWER ANNIHILATOR...
ATTACK HIS GLOW NEOS.
[ROAR]
HOLD UP!
NEOS IS TOO STRONG!
SO HE'S PULLIN'
THE POWER!
IT CAN'T.
YES, IT CAN!
SEE, IF YOUR MONSTER
HAD LESS ATTACK POINTS,
THEN ANNIHILATOR WOULD LOSE
A THOUSAND OF ITS POINTS.
HOWEVER, NEOS HAS MORE,
SO MINE GAINS A THOUSAND!
LOOKS LIKE THE POWER'S
BEEN RESTORED!
[SCREAMING]
AND THANKS TO POWER ZONE,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
GET DRAINED BY 2,500!
NOW GET READY FOR ANOTHER
POWER SURGE FROM MY HAND.
UH!
BECAUSE NEXT I PLAY
THE SPELL POWER SPIRIT!
IN ORDER FOR THIS
TO TAKE EFFECT,
ALL I NEED TO DO IS SACRIFICE
1,000 OF MY LIFE POINTS,
AND THEN YOU
CAN ONLY ATTACK
IF YOUR MONSTER
IS A THOUSAND POINTS
STRONGER THAN MINE.
AH...
I LAY A FACEDOWN,
AND WITH THAT, YOU GO.
NOW THAT MY ULTIMATE COMBO
HAS BEEN COMPLETED...
BETWEEN POWER ZONE
AND POWER SPIRIT,
YOU NEED A MONSTER
WITH AT LEAST 3,800 POINTS
TO DEFEAT
MY ANNIHILATOR!
OH...
AND TO THINK
THAT I EXPECTED
A CHALLENGE FROM YOU!
AH!
OH, NO!
HELLO.
WHY DID YOU GUYS
FOLLOW ME?!
WELL, UH...
DUH!
WE FELT LIKE
GETTING CAPTURED.
WE'RE, YA KNOW...
SORRY.
HA HA!
YOU ARRIVED JUST IN TIME
TO WATCH YOUR FRIEND LOSE!
SORRY, ZURE,
THINK AGAIN!
I SUMMON WINGED KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
THAT'S YOUR TURN?
HA HA!
YOU SHOULD JUST GIVE UP.
IT'S QUICKER!
AH...
JADEN!
HE AIN'T LOOKING
TOO GOOD,
AND OUR MATES
HAVE GONE AND GOTTEN
THEMSELVES CAPTURED.
EXCUSE ME, SIR FREED?
WHAT IS IT
THAT BOTHERS YOU?
DID YOU LEAVE
SOMETHING BEHIND?
JADEN.
HIS PATH IS DIFFERENT.
JADEN FOLLOWS
WHAT HIS HEART
IS TELLING HIM...
THOUGH SURELY IN THE END
HE WILL FIND NOTHING
BUT DEFEAT.
BUT HE NEEDS YOU.
MMM.
I'M AFRAID
THIS IS THE END.
IT'S MY TURN,
AND I SHALL PLAY
RING OF FIENDISH POWER!
WITH THIS SPELL CARD,
YOU ARE FORCED TO ATTACK
POWER ANNIHILATOR!
AND THEN, SHOULD
YOUR MONSTER GET DESTROYED,
THE DAMAGE TO YOUR LIFE POINTS
EQUALS THAT OF YOUR MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
TURN THAT KURIBOH
INTO A DUST BALL!
ATTACK WITH
POWER PULSE SLASH!
ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO DO THIS?
SINCE YOUR MONSTER'S
STRONGER...
IT'LL LOSE A THOUSAND
OF ITS ATTACKS POINTS!
[ROAR]
AH!
IT'S STILL MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO TAKE IT OUT!
AH!
AND THERE'S MORE TO COME.
DUE TO MY FIELD SPELL
POWER ZONE,
ONCE YOUR KURIBOH
WAS DESTROYED...
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ATTACK YOUR LIFE POINTS!
HA HA!
AND NOW MY RING
TAKES EFFECT!
WITH THIS SPELL, YOU TAKE
ANOTHER DOSE OF DAMAGE!
YOUR MONSTER'S DEFENSE POINTS
ATTACK YOUR LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
[ROAR]
AAH!
JADEN!
HANG IN THERE!
UH! UH!
AND NOW I CAN PLAY THIS:
EXPLOSION FUSE!
THIS TRAP ACTIVATES
WHEN YOUR MONSTER IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
IT ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ONE POWER BOMBARD
FROM MY DECK
AND EQUIP HIM WITH IT!
AND DURING MY NEXT
STANDBY PHASE...
I LOSE MY BOMBARD,
BUT NOT BEFORE INFLICTING
1,000 POINTS OF DAMAGE TO YOU!
HA HA!
THERE'S NO WAY FOR YOU
TO DEFEAT ME AND WIN
THIS BATTLE.
EVEN IF YOU FIND A MONSTER
THAT CAN DEFEAT MY ANNIHILATOR,
ONCE ITS ATTACK POINTS
CHANGE,
MY BOMBARD'S SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES,
SENDING YOU TO THE STARS!
IT SEEMS
YOUR LUCK'S RUN OUT!
HA HA!
DON'T WORRY...
ONCE I BLAST YOU
TO THE STARS,
I'LL BE SURE
YOU HAVE SOME COMPANY.
HA HA!
I'LL START WITH
THE LITTLE GUY!
OR MAYBE I'LL JUST KEEP THEM
PRISONERS HERE
FOR THE REST OF THEIR LIVES!
YOU WOULDN'T!
AH!
I THINK HE WOULD!
I'M SO SCARED!
HOLD ON!
JADEN!
HUH?
NEVER FEAR!
TOGETHER WE WILL
RESCUE THEM!
SIR FREED!
HE'S HERE!
MY FRIEND,
YOU HAVE SHOWN ME COURAGE!
NOW YOU SHALL BE REWARDED!
JADEN, ALLOW MY WARRIOR SPIRIT
TO JOIN WITH YOUR DECK.
AH!
HA HA!
YOU GOT IT,
SIR FREED.
HEY, ZURE, I'M ABOUT
TO GET MY GAME ON!
GET READY. MY MOVE!
[GASP]
CAN IT BE?
IT'S HIM!
ZURE, I SUMMON FREED,
THE BRAVE WANDERER!
WHAT?
IT CAN'T BE!
OH, YES, IT CAN!
NOW I PLAY COMMON SOUL!
BY SELECTING FREED,
I CAN NOW SUMMON UP
A NEO-SPACIAN.
SO I'M PLAYIN'
MY GOOD OL' FRIEND
FLARE SCARAB!
NOW, FOR EVERY
SPELL N TRAP CARD
ON YOUR FIELD,
MY FLARE SCARAB GAINS
400 ADDITIONAL ATTACK POINTS
FOR EACH
AND EVERY ONE.
SINCE YOU HAVE
FOUR CARDS,
HE GETS 1,600
POINTS STRONGER.
THEN THERE'S
MY COMMON SOUL
SPELL CARD...
WHICH LETS ME TAKE
ALL OF SCARAB'S
ATTACK POINTS,
AND THEN I CAN APPLY
THEM DIRECTLY TO
MY FREED
THE BRAVE WANDERER.
OH, NO!
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE'S
GETTING A POWER BOOST!
IT'S USELESS!
YOU'VE LOST!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
AS SOON AS YOU ATTACK,
POWER ANNIHILATOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WILL ACTIVATE
AND POWER BOMBARD
WILL EXPLODE,
DEFEATING YOU
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
HMM, NOT QUITE!
HUH?
BY ACTIVATING
JUSTICE BRIGHT,
THIS BATTLE ENDS NOW!
THIS SPECIAL EFFECT
LETS ME REMOVE TWO LIGHT
MONSTERS FROM MY GRAVE
AND THEN A MONSTER
WITH MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN MY FREED
GETS DESTROYED!
ARGH!
AND, ZURE,
TURNS OUT FREED
HAD LESS POINTS
THAN YOUR ANNIHILATOR
BEFORE HIS BOOST!
IMPOSSIBLE!
HORRID FIEND,
FEEL THE WRATH OF MY
BRAVE SWORD ATTACK!
[GRUNTS]
[ROARING]
[GASP]
WHAT IS THAT?
PING PONG?
AH!
THOSE CAN'T...
BE GOOD!
HUH?
ZURE HAS BEEN SENT
TO THE STARS!
RETREAT!
HE'S TOO STRONG!
LET'S GET
OUT OF HERE!
HUH!
YOU SAVED MY LIFE!
AH!
SIR FREED?!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
AH!
I MUST LEAVE.
I WILL FIND MY PLACE...
IN THE STARS ABOVE US.
BUT WHY?
YOU RESCUED US!
AND YOUR VILLAGERS
NEED YOU, RIGHT?
THEY WILL BE SAFE
NOW THAT ZURE'S GONE.
YOU HAVE GIVEN THEM
STRENGTH.
DON'T GO!
JADEN...YOU MUST FIGHT
THE DARKNESS.
SIR FREED.
[SIGHS]
[GROANS]
EVERYONE ALL RIGHT?
LOOKS LIKE IT,
BUT JADEN SURE MADE THIS
CLOSE FOR ALL OF US.
IT'S JUST...
HE NEEDS TO FIND JESSE.
AND I PLAN TO!
JESSE'S STILL OUT THERE!
SO WHO'S...WITH ME?
I'M GONNA SEARCH EVERY CAVE
AND FIGHT EVERY MONSTER
IN THIS PLACE
UNTIL I FIND HIM
EVEN IF I HAVE TO RISK
EVERYTHING TO DO IT!
THIS IS HEART WRENCHING.
IF JADEN ISN'T CAREFUL,
ONE OF THOSE DUELS MIGHT HAVE
AN END THAT AFFECTS US ALL.
I DON'T KNOW IF WE CAN DUEL
OUR WAY OUT OF THIS.
THIS PLACE...
JUST AIN'T RIGHT!
I'M GONNA FIND YOU, JESSE,
NO MATTER WHAT COMES MY WAY!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT
TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪